yeah what's up crux and client members
and others who fell upon this video I'm
source of crossing bringing you guys
pokémon origins English dub episode 3
review I just watched it I did find out
that it was up up a couple days ago so I
decided watching today I'm watching
episode 3 reviewing it washing up so for
after it and then reeling it so you get
two episodes two day um so following the
pattern on the first and second episode
reviews that I gave so it's basically
going to be a comparison of the first of
the original Japanese self and the
English tag and then you know obviously
there's gonna be a little bit
differences because I'm actually
watching the whole thing
unlike the subversion where I was like
half watching the story and then waiting
the subtitles but anyways so episode 3
was the Team Rocket at Silph scope
company match and then the 8th gym
battle against Iolani so right off the
bat Giovanni's voice was actually good I
was actually surprised it was actually
really good I liked that there was a
comment that there was a hint of
cockiness when he was talking you know
in this sense of you know being above
red uh you know I actually had a little
bit of fear that they weren't gonna put
that in English you know have that sense
of I'm better than you because I know
I'm superior to you so I'm glad that
they they had that right there of course
I told this joke to a friend of mine
when I watch the subways and though
while staying downstairs that freakin
needle King needle Queen dies which is
totally hey I still call that like the
weirdest thing ever just literally
served looks like a freaking Ross saying
off of norrisville um so that that scene
was cool you know the whole I the red
pushing blue like you were do you think
you're doing I like and what I was cool
um cuz you know that she had hit take
the the secretary to get the police
Excel on
like that that happened um the whole
explaining stuff you know cuz you know
they I felt like this show this this the
origins was cut too short because I
would have loved to see the battle
versus blame straight up that I would
have been cool and the battle was
Sabrina I would have been cool too but
of course it didn't happen but anyways
and then the Giovanni fight freakin cool
as always um the catchphrase value later
still there that's something that I kind
of missed in the subversion you know
that was there but uh I've been noticing
it more you know it's actually following
the game stuff you know he always used
to say it smell you later
every time is being a douche bag they'll
bloom being different you know doing it
smell you later
oh the battle was still cool I liked it
um here's the thing like of course like
I said I noticed more stuff when I'm
watching the dubbed version in the
subversion then him only versus by horn
match I right now like I I caught it was
total
because we all know Rhyhorn is a half
rock tight so him only is balling kicks
or at least taking I mean unless it's
like really low in level it should have
taken at least half of ride horns HP and
and as soon as you used the high jump
kick
Rhyhorn German Ally I didn't care what's
going on that high jump kick hit what's
meant that it should have taken all his
life just just knocked it out right
there
simple as that so I noticed like I said
I'm noticing a lot more than English
stuff so I noticed that in this version
and since I was actually following it I
can actually understand what he was
saying yeah Rhyhorn stood up and knocked
out straight up and I would bet him only
horses ride on and then Charizard was
right on because there is no way that
Rhyhorn could have lived through a
rolling cake
followed by a high jump kick is there's
no way it's impossible
I'm sorry just is oh and then the chars
are that I ride on the the whole are not
right on the whole Giovanni like talking
about how he 60 keep feels this
excitement when he's battling grade and
like what is he thinking like anything
goes you know the whole I'm disappointed
at you read he starts on a hanging like
disappointingly beginning what what is
this feeling that I have inside of me
you know it's it's better to listen I'm
actually understanding what they're
saying so it's better for me because
like I could just I'm in that spot right
now so you know it was really crazy
though so the whole dance you know how
rad just puts out charge on Pokemon and
swings back and goes demo chores or
enemies I place that stands I remember
it I used to do the same thing and I
noticed it's also like the whole that
fact that Giovanni had a Charmander like
red dyes you know what that chars are
huh where's your chores are dear water
wouldn't that have been an epic match I
don't know but seeing stuff like that
something you sort of missed because
you're watching a subversion I don't
like to go back and forth annoys me so
anyways noticing that stuff the fight
between right on and charms out the
whole seismic toss thing at the end was
still badass I I mean I know also a
quick question I mean I know mega punch
is simple ignore it lose a strong attack
back in a day boy a rock tight taking
that much damage from a mega punch
didn't even make sense
I don't know that's just I mean unless
charge I was like at least higher than
right on or something I don't know but
yeah so pretty pretty crazy I loved it
I'm really excited I'm watching I mean I
watch episode 4 right now so if you're
watching this right now I'm probably
finishing episode 4 and watched and
recording episode again recording review
afterwards so that's it for this for me
I'm really liking the tub III gotta say
I prefer the dub over itself right now
I mean I'm enjoying it a lot more
because I can actually watch what's
going on
I understand everything that they're
saying so props to that like pokémon
origins and Doug I'm sorry sucked I
still loved you port the dub is better
I'm sorry Sarah
so that at least you know for me you
know it doesn't have to be the best for
anybody else but for me I've heard them
so that's it for episode 3 review I will
walk I'm gonna watch and watching
currently if so far so thank you for
watching and I will catch you guys later
like not that long for now but thank you
and I'll see you guys later